SLAPJACK
	
	INSTRUCTIONS
	Deal cards one at a time face down to each player until all the cards have been dealt. 
	The hands do not have to come out even. 
	Without looking at any of the cards players put their cards in a neat pile in front of them
	The person to the left of the dealer goes first and then it goes clockwise.
	Each player lifts one card at a time from their pile and places it face up in the center of the table.
	When the card played to the center is a jack, the first player to slap the jack takes the jack and all the cards beneath it.
	The player who slapped the jack turns them face down, shuffles them, and adds it to their pile of cards.
	When more than one player slaps at a jack, the one whose hand is directly on top of the jack wins the pile.
	If a player slaps at any card in the center that is not a jack, they must give put one card under the pile.
	When a player has no more cards left, they are out.
	The player who is left at the end is the winner.

	
	TURNS
	The player to the left of the dealer goes first:
	
	while (player has > 0 cards) {
	  The player taking their turn will place a card face up in the middle
	    If it is a jack they must try to slap it:
	      if they are the first to slap the jack:
	        they take the jack and all cards under it
	      if they do not slap the jack first:
	        They do not get cards

	    If another player places a jack in the middle while it is not player 1's turn:
	      Any player can try to slap it:
    Wait for a slap:
	      if they slap it first:
	          they take the jack and all the cards under it
	      Else if they do not slap first:
	          They get no cards
	
	    If another player places a card that is not a jack in the middle:
	      If they slap the card:
	        they must place a card under the pile of cards in the middle
	      Else if no one slaps the card:
	        they next player will take their turn
	        
	  If any player does not have any more cards to play;
	    they are out of the game
	}
  If there is no one in the game
    The last player in the game wins

If a player has won 
the game is over
	
